prompt:
@bot_controller.py @bot.py @osrs_bot.py @options_builder.py I want to update the agility.py file in a couple of ways. It currently has the selection for multiple courses but only actually works on the "seers" course. In this update we're also going to build in the "canifs" course. 

For this course there is no teleport at the end of the course, but unlike the seers course there is a spot where you have to keep running even though the next obstacle isn't on screen yet. To solve this we're going to add 'continue' logic where if you can't find the next obstacle, or mark of grace you'll look for a continue. Notably the continues will be highlighted purple squares, but they won't change after they've been clikced on. For this reason we'll need logic so taht the bot doesn't click on the continue square box twice in a row, it can only use a continue once and then has to find an obstacle. In the instance where we have to do multiple continues we may have to make them different colors and make sure that you cannot go to a 'continue1' from a 'continue2' and that both are reset after finding an obstacle






I'll help you modify the agility.py file to handle the Canifis course and implement the continue logic. Here's how we can update the code:
This update adds:
New class variables to track continue squares and their states
A new find_continue_square() method to detect purple/pink continue squares
Modified main loop logic to:
Handle both Seers and Canifis courses
Only teleport at the end of Seers course
Implement continue square logic with rules:
Can't use same continue square twice
Must use continue1 before continue2
Resets continue status after finding an obstacle
Resets continue status after collecting mark of grace
You'll need to:
Add PURPLE and PINK to your color utilities
Test and adjust the area thresholds for continue square detection
Fine-tune the timing between actions
Verify the continue square colors match what's used in-game
Would you like me to provide any additional details or make any adjustments to this implementation?
can you find the hexcode for clr.PURPLE and clrl.PINK

I'll help you define the hex codes for PURPLE and PINK that we can add to the color utilities. These colors should be distinct enough to be reliably detected but also match the in-game highlight colors.
Here are some suggested hex codes:
PURPLE = (128, 0, 128)  # Standard purple: #800080
PINK = (255, 192, 203)  # Light pink: #FFC0CB
However, since these colors need to match the exact colors used in-game for the continue squares, we should:
Take a screenshot of the continue squares in-game
Use a color picker to get the exact RGB values
Test the color detection with those specific values
Would you like me to help you define a way to calibrate these colors in-game? We could add a debug mode that:
Takes a screenshot when searching for continue squares
Saves the color mask for both PURPLE and PINK
Allows us to adjust the RGB values until we get reliable detection
This would help us find the exact color values that match the in-game continue square highlights. Would you like me to show you how to implement this calibration approach?